hey the professional I agree Jesus
Christ as the Lord I believed in that I
do have a question I think the young man
may have left his jacket so make sure
make sure that he gets his jacket oh
that's yours hold on hold on hold on
it's hers
well it's nice to see President Obama
almost solving a problem there he almost
got the jacket back to the right person
but it wasn't that person's jacket
President Obama heckled here in mildly
heckled it sounded like it I couldn't
tell we able to tell they are what
exactly that person was saying to the
president I started with Jesus I think
Jesus Christ is Lord right one and only
true Savior or something along those
lines and then to which he got
presidential approval and he's chatted
over again they they yelled over him
then issues getting kicked out he I said
you're the Antichrist Jesus Christ the
Lord okay well it was a strange heckling
there's so much to complain about when
you are at a presidential fundraiser if
you're gonna be the guy that stands up
calling Obama the anti-christ seems like
would be kind of low on the list but in
fact you know people are complaining
about President Obama everywhere and you
know and I want to go back a little bit
to what we were just talking about with
the the numbers the approval ratings
among
african-americans with President Obama
because it you fall into a difficult
position when you're the president here
the president claims that he's trying to
he's on track trying to create jobs
he's trying he has since the very
beginning of his administration tried to
create jobs it hasn't gone terribly well
he's not getting a lot of cooperation we
know that but what happens is as you
segment out the population you hear that
black Americans have a 16 percent
unemployment rate as the numbers in July
the difficult task that the president
has to do right now is he needs to as we
saw in these numbers appease and talk to
black Americans he needs to start
working on his base and even if that
means that he has to seem more like a
black president for a while he has to
take some risks he has to do some things
that energize the base because the rest
of the base is not going to be offended
if he seems to be pandering for votes
from another part of the base when he
goes to a to an AIPAC convention in
Washington to talk to talk about his
position on Israel the rest of the cut
population that is complaining that he
is trying to pander for those kinds of
votes are they understand what a
president has to do the rest of his
constituency understands the president
has to go to black Americans he has to
go speak to his constituency his natural
constituency and his Democratic
constituency in order to drum up votes
this is a monumentally important
election not just because Ruth Bader
Ginsburg is old but because we need to
get the economy back on track and we
need to do it in a way that does not
unfairly create a tremendous amount of
poverty which if the Republicans get
into office and they changed the tax
structure and they change spending is
going to create a generation of poverty
likely unseen in this country